Erika Romero: Get my face but up here. Let me see.
Erika Romero: There we go.
Erika Romero: You know why I just, it just registered on my head. I have got to use the restroom. So can you just give me one second.
Erika Romero: And I'll be right back. I was like, Oh shoot, I should have gone before I got on phone
Erika Romero: I was like, oh, damn it. So,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: You okay, no worries. No worries.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello.
Okay.
Oh,
Erika Romero: Okay, Jocelyn. Sorry about that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's okay. It's okay. Could you please take me first your name and your date of birth to the could put your child chart.
Erika Romero: Air Romero seven 973
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. I got the correct. Okay. So what we're going to do it is that we're going to discuss about are you just going to talk about your daily life. Your if you do every day. What's working out for you. What's not working out for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let's start with what's working out for you. So let's start with your activities of the daily of daily living, such as getting out of bed waking up.
Jocelyn Corrales: Eating taking a shower bathing brushing putting on clothes sleeping and managing pain. So it's like your basic day to day everyday things to do when you wake up.
Erika Romero: Right. Um, I just, I get up generally spend a couple hours by myself, waiting for my granddaughter Italy, and then I get her up and
Erika Romero: I'm I
Erika Romero: Play with her get housework done. Um, I do laundry and you know just basic run errands, if I need to.
Erika Romero: A I I eat maybe twice a day. Some sometimes if I'm lucky.
Erika Romero: But that's, that's always been that way. I've always just been a once a day eater. Anyway, so, um, and
Erika Romero: And so then my husband gets home I make dinner we eat dinner.
Erika Romero: And
Erika Romero: As far as pain management. I just right now, I'm just dealing with with my pain, um,
Erika Romero: And so
Erika Romero: But and sleeping going to sleep is is is difficult for me, I find myself very fatigued during the day. So I usually try to get in a nap in the afternoon when I put the baby down
Erika Romero: Couple hours or an hour and a half to two hours. I'm with her. And then, um, I usually go to sleep, somewhere around midnight, I guess.
Erika Romero: That that's about my day.
Erika Romero: For you Monday and it's always the same.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay wait for a while.
Jocelyn Corrales: And usually sleeps around 12 around 12 midnight. Right.
Erika Romero: Yeah, that's what I usually
Jocelyn Corrales: So, what time do you should eat, you mentioned that you usually wake up together with your grand daughter that what time does your granddaughter, you got. Are you from the week so
Erika Romero: Well, right now I'm trying to get her in a routine because she's getting ready to turn three. And so her bedtime routine has been like all over the map.
Erika Romero: But now I'm trying to get her to bed earlier and getting her up earlier and also taking a nap earlier during the day so I can kind of get her in a routine, but I'm usually up about 637 and then I get her up about
Erika Romero: 838 39 no later than nine
Jocelyn Corrales: So your grandmother at around 830 that's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's good that you always keep a routine for her to wake up.
Erika Romero: Yeah, and it's
Jocelyn Corrales: Nice to get this tea.
Jocelyn Corrales: Especially when she's going to school.
Erika Romero: Me right and it's more of a necessity now because you know she. She fights her sleep now. You know what I mean, where she and he just stayed up till 12 one, two o'clock in the morning.
Erika Romero: being exhausted sleeps. You know me until 1011 O'clock in the
In the morning
Erika Romero: throws her naptime off. So I'm trying to get her into early or routine.
Erika Romero: You know that way she's you know and then and I want to put her in preschool here. Yeah, yeah, I'm starting to put her down about nine 930 and then that way. She's asleep, no later than 10
Erika Romero: And because I want to put her like I said in preschool next year. So when she goes to preschool. She's got to be on on some sort of a schedule.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and at least it's not difficult for her to wake up early beta time she goes to school already
Jocelyn Corrales: Already had and I think that's a good training.
Erika Romero: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're right, the earlier. She wakes up the
Jocelyn Corrales: Earlier. She also goes to bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because she she wakes up late, you know, she also made sleep.
Sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's a good. Did you have a routine, you know, lateral sleep at around maybe want to ours, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and I think maybe that's the reason why you get to sleep late also because you taken up with your granddaughter right
Erika Romero: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay if your granddaughter sleeps at their own one to two hours, but for you. I think maybe just try
Jocelyn Corrales: To limit yourself limiting sleeping at the only be 30 minutes to one hour, but not more than one are because if you sleep more than an hour. You know, it would be difficult for you to sleep at around
Jocelyn Corrales: At night.
Erika Romero: Right, yeah, that's
Jocelyn Corrales: Also, one thing that the country visit, but it's okay to sleep in the afternoon or take a nap in the afternoon, maybe just limited to 32 to 30 minutes to an hour, try to
Jocelyn Corrales: Make an alarm or no do an alarm for yourself.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you slept together. You stick together weaker read child or you just let her speak in her room.
Erika Romero: Well, right now, she she is absolutely terrified of her room.
Jocelyn Corrales: I don't know why he
Erika Romero: Is terrified. But she she sleeps in our room in her own bed. So yeah, when I took her to her to see her pediatrician last week. And she said, that's fine because of her age right now.
Erika Romero: If she sleeps in the same room with you. She says, but
Erika Romero: You might want to try to get her to start sleeping in her own room. I said, Well, yeah, terrified, her, her room, she does not want to sleep in there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried you know you let her sleep in her her room and you wait until she's able to sleep before you get out of her
Erika Romero: Oh yeah, and absolutely and the weird thing about it. She slept in her room. Her whole life. You know what I mean.
Erika Romero: And I mean,
Erika Romero: That sounds kind of funny cuz she's only three but you know her earlier life she's always slept in her room in it.
Erika Romero: I guess it's only been now that she's gotten older, and she's more cognitive of what's going on around her and her. Unfortunately, her room is on the opposite end of the house as ours.
lindsell
Erika Romero: Is she she's by herself on the other end of the house. And so I think that's what scares there's there's nobody else there and she wakes up, she wakes up every night still in the middle of the night.
Erika Romero: So not being that has gone away yet but when she wakes up in the middle of the night. She's absolutely terrified to be in her room, I think.
Jocelyn Corrales: The she watch movies before. You know, before going to bed or, you know, right now. Did you watch movies like cartoons or anything.
Erika Romero: Scary, you know, she doesn't watch scary stuff. And we don't let her watch. That kind of stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because it could have been something that you know from what you watch know scary, you know, having some secure ideas because of something that she watch know
Erika Romero: Right, ya know, we want monitor everything we don't even watch scary movies, you know, because we went and we rented one was a week ago and I had to turn it off because you know she I didn't realize it was going to be as scary as it was, and
Erika Romero: That was the first time in her whole life that we've ever watched a scary movie.
Erika Romero: And I was like, Oh, no, we got to turn this off. She's already got enough problems, you know,
Erika Romero: I don't want to contribute anymore. So we just shut it off. And, um, you know, we monitor very closely what she watches and on on the tablet and also on TV and you
Erika Romero: Know that we make sure that she's not being exposed to that kind of stuff.
Erika Romero: Yeah, I think it's just more so that it's just quiet on that end of the house and you hear every eek and Creek and you know that dogs are also in in
Erika Romero: Outside, but on that end of the house and
Erika Romero: So, you know, any noise they make, and I think she doesn't
Erika Romero: Know what it is. And so it's
Erika Romero: Yours and really that's just the that's just the bottom line. I think it is, you know, being that little and just hearing stuff and not knowing what it is or where it's coming from, you know, not
Erika Romero: Understanding that
Erika Romero: You know houses make noises at night and the dogs wander around in the middle of the night, you know, and
Erika Romero: And so I think it's just getting her past this phase.
Erika Romero: And but she does sleep in her own bed so she doesn't sleep with us.
So,
Erika Romero: I don't know.
Erika Romero: So hopefully that'll be
Erika Romero: Something she breaks out of here before too long because I sure would love to have my room back
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you know, and your own privacy.
Erika Romero: Yeah, my privacy. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and by the way you've mentioned. She's your granddaughter. Oh, where's her mom and dad, by the way.
Erika Romero: I'm her mom is my husband and I have custody of my granddaughter. My daughter is
Erika Romero: Is a mess will just use a drug addict and so she
Erika Romero: WE GOT CUSTODY OF HER.
Erika Romero: Before she was even born. So
Erika Romero: Um, yeah, that's where she's at so
Jocelyn Corrales: So the daughter or the mother of your grandmother easier daughter.
Erika Romero: Is my daughter.
Happy
Jocelyn Corrales: And very your daughter right now.
Erika Romero: She lives in Albuquerque in the big city where we live at. I don't know where you guys are at. But, I'm, I'm in New Mexico. So she's in Albuquerque, and our big city.
Erika Romero: I live outside I LIVE, I LIVE OUTSIDE OF outside of town. My mom just turned on by itself with my cup down on the table on the left or and all my adult
Erika Romero: freaked me out. But anyway, um, yeah. So we live in a small town outside of the big city. So, um, and she's she lives in Albuquerque.
Jocelyn Corrales: And, uh, she already, you know, clean your grant your daughter.
Erika Romero: No. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: I wouldn't she was. She doesn't visit you, or her granddaughter or your daughter.
Erika Romero: No, no.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's fine. It's like you have your having your own child nowadays.
Erika Romero: Yeah, I just started all over. And it's been really hard for me because you know i'm not
Erika Romero: I'm no spring chicken. And so, you know, I am but i i told when I, when I had my kids and my last pregnancy. I had myself fixed so that I wouldn't
Erika Romero: Have any more children because I had four of them myself.
Jocelyn Corrales: And, um,
Erika Romero: And so
Erika Romero: I wasn't really expecting to have any more children.
Erika Romero: Are raised any
Jocelyn Corrales: Children is
Erika Romero: What I should be in but you know God works in mysterious ways and
Erika Romero: So here we are.
Erika Romero: And we've had her ever since she was born. So
Erika Romero: We're all she knows
Jocelyn Corrales: That's why it's happening.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least it makes you busy. Oh, so
Erika Romero: Yeah, and I think that contributes a lot to my, to my fatigue, too, because you know I'm getting ready to turn 47 and, you know, so my energy isn't quite what it used to be, and you
Jocelyn Corrales: Know it's like you have an instant daughter.
Jocelyn Corrales: Well,
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually she's already. I think she's already three years old.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hmm, yeah. Imagine when she was two. She was, you know, that's what they call the if
Erika Romero: The terrible to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have to follow you have to follow her every yet it does drain your energy. It's like a workout every day. It's like an exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: And by the way we talking about exercise. Are you doing exercises.
Erika Romero: Every day. Um, no I don't, I don't, I, I go for walks with my granddaughter. Aside from that, I because I have a back injury. I don't really do any physical exercises, but I'm constantly going. So, but I try
Erika Romero: As often as I possibly can. Check it out. The town. I live in is really one of the windiest places I've ever
Erika Romero: Lived in my entire life.
Erika Romero: So it gets hard to get outside and
Erika Romero: Do things outside
Erika Romero: But whenever I get a chance to I go for a walk. Yeah. Or we go for a walk in the evening or, you know, something like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: I said, but not if you go on a walk at times, but not every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Now, we tried
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing. Maybe you mentioned you have a back problem.
Hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: And can you do maybe a bit of, you know, stretching exercise.
Erika Romero: I do
Erika Romero: That I do but not nearly as much as I should, more, more. So I think I do when when I'm hurting a lot, you know, I do stretches so that I can kind of stretch out the those areas that are really giving me
Jocelyn Corrales: Those muscles.
Erika Romero: Yes, yeah and and to relieve the nerves and stuff but i mean i. Sure, sure.
Yeah, I know.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Really included in your daily activities and we're going to include that in the plan.
To do you know
Jocelyn Corrales: You don't need to do a rigorous type of exercise special your age, but you could do some basic yoga, you know, basic yoga is also doing some extra some stretching, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You can do some basic
Jocelyn Corrales: Yoga and just the basic stretching exercise, you know,
Erika Romero: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least that I'll include that in the plan.
Erika Romero: Okay. Sounds good.
Erika Romero: See
Erika Romero: Often in my day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, you know, just start with, you know, at least maybe 10 minutes late. And you could also include your grandmother taller. It's do some exercise, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Actually, my husband when he exercise. I have a nephew, you know, he always he always watches my husband exercise into my husband, he's like, can you come here and let's do exercise and, you know, he would also follow
Erika Romero: Yeah, and that's the thing with them is that, yeah, they will follow the if the, if, if you entice them, they will. They'll do it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes, you could do some stretching exercise, you could add some music to, you know, to make it more fun.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I'm gonna put that first in the plaza that I won't forget
Jocelyn Corrales: This the basic yoga don't do the complicated ones too difficult.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you mentioned that you are you only eat, maybe, you know, at least once a day. What, why are you not able to eat.
Erika Romero: Three times that it's not that I'm not able to eat. It's just that.
Erika Romero: I don't have that kind of an appetite or maybe I don't get hungry, like that. I'll snack, a little bit here and there, but as far as eating meals. I don't, I'll eat one one full meal.
Erika Romero: Usually in the evenings with my with my husband. I'm dinner. We don't, I don't really eat and but I've always been like that. It's not something that you know this, that, or the other, it's just always
Erika Romero: Been me. That's the way I've always eaten.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's more of a snacking then eating a meal. So when you're hungry. Just eat this. Do you have also a routine meal you know meal times for your granddaughter.
Erika Romero: Yes, I do.
Erika Romero: Yeah. She does. She's not much of a breakfast eater.
Erika Romero: Since she's gotten a little bit bigger. Breakfast is kind of obsolete for her, though I tried to get her to eat breakfast, even if it's just a little fruit.
Erika Romero: Or something's just not a morning eater.
Erika Romero: And I'm the same way. I've just
Erika Romero: Never been a morning eater. Um, it was much easier when she was little or and I could feed her, you know, and
Erika Romero: Didn't really have a choice, you know, here. Yeah.
Erika Romero: Breakfast, lunch or dinner but now she's very opinionated and
Erika Romero: very decisive about what she wants, and
Erika Romero: So she eats lunch and she eats dinner but breakfast isn't really
Erika Romero: Much, much of a thing for her.
Erika Romero: So she does have a
Erika Romero: She does have a lunch time with just in between 12 and one right before her. Her nap. And then we dinner between five and seven. It just depends on when my husband gets home.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so why not we try. Yeah, I know. It's difficult, but can we try
Jocelyn Corrales: Setting out a plan of you eating breakfast. No, just maybe just a little instead of doing some snacking.
Jocelyn Corrales: At
Jocelyn Corrales: Your grand and I think you should also include your grandmother, because, you know, since you've mentioned that she's going to school. She has to have her routine meals a correct time and it's and it's not good sending her to school without having anything on her stomach, you know,
Erika Romero: Right. Well, yeah, but you can't force a child to eat, you can't. And if she doesn't want to eat. You don't want to
Jocelyn Corrales: Eat
Erika Romero: You know, and I'm not a breakfast eater. So I'll just tell you right now, that's not gonna work. I'm not
Erika Romero: A student
Jocelyn Corrales: Because you mentioned you try you eat you eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, you do snacking. When you eat. Have you tried at least you tried to schedule your snacking. Maybe you know at least maybe around nine o'clock, maybe
Erika Romero: I'm not a big snapper. I'm not a big snack or either the i think i think you misunderstood what I said what I was trying to say I'm not a big snack or
Erika Romero: If I
Erika Romero: Eat something during the day. It'll be a snack, but
Erika Romero: Yeah, I usually only eat one meal a day. And that's it. I don't eat breakfast. I definitely don't eat breakfast.
Erika Romero: I know every once in a while, a couple of times a week I'll probably have how have lunch.
Erika Romero: And and I eat dinner. So that's my, that's the way I eat. That's why I've always eaten and that probably won't change, I'll be honest with you.
Erika Romero: I do try to get her to eat breakfast, but she just
Erika Romero: She's not a breakfast eater. I mean, I don't know, I tried fruit. I've tried yogurt. I've tried
Erika Romero: All kinds of stuff and all the bars. She
Erika Romero: Definitely has
Erika Romero: Nothing to do with granola bars. You know, so I really am at a loss as far as breakfast goes, because I really would love for her to
Jocelyn Corrales: HAVE YOU TRIED, HAVE YOU TRIED eating with her, you know, both the both of you eating at the same time. So, don't you know it would encourage her to eat. Maybe because
Jocelyn Corrales: She's not eating because you're also not eating maybe try joining her like you're eating, both of you eating on the table.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you serve you know this is simple snack you doesn't have to be a full meal, like in your case also, it doesn't have to be a full meal. So if she's eating like you want to try to let her eat probably some yogurt or just maybe a fruit or just a snack, try to eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: At the same table with her. Maybe she would, you know, at least it would also put you on a routine, maybe just not a full meal, maybe just a snack for you at least it would put you and her on a routine.
Erika Romero: I'm going to humor you and I'm going to tell you yes I will try.
Erika Romero: That that's the best I can give you
Jocelyn Corrales: I can
Jocelyn Corrales: Finally, just fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, it's okay, it's okay. You don't. It's not really necessary. It's not really required, but you could at least try.
Jocelyn Corrales: And tell me you know because we're going to meet again in the next 30 days and I'll check on you and tell me if it works out for you and your granddaughter. And, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: When you try to eat with her at the same time, you know, you try to eat a bunch tries to eat. You know when you try to feed her you try to also eat at the same time with her on the table. And let's see if it works out that, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: At the seek
Jocelyn Corrales: Out a routine.
Jocelyn Corrales: If it doesn't work, that's fine. Just, just just, just tell me. Okay.
Erika Romero: Okay, I'll try. I'll try it.
Okay, Jocelyn.
Jocelyn Corrales: But I'm going to put here that you will try, but you will not promise anything
Jocelyn Corrales: At least, I would know. Yeah. Next time I would
Jocelyn Corrales: Remind you
Erika Romero: Doing. No, no, no. It come getters go see going out for a little bit. Go hang out for a little bit. I'll be out in just a few minutes. Okay, hang on just a second.
Jocelyn Corrales: No worries.
Erika Romero: Okay.
Erika Romero: I'll be out in a few minutes. Okay.
Erika Romero: Lucky go get out here.
Erika Romero: To get on
Erika Romero: The lock the door. She don't come back in here.
Erika Romero: Sorry about that.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay if she comes in and does
Erika Romero: She have you should be all in the TV Amina in their own in our song.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so let's go let's proceed. So after your daily activity, as you mentioned, usually sleep in the sport industry plan later on with regards to the sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to mental health. How do you manage, you know, your mood. How do you manage your stress, you know, just in case you encounter any stress or anxiety is how do you manage it in. How do you manage, you know, just in case you're in a bad mood.
Erika Romero: But if I'm in a bad mood I it's been I separate myself from everybody. And I take some time for myself, whether that's just sitting, sitting in my room by myself or in
Erika Romero: Watching TV or going for a driver.
Erika Romero: Getting in the bath or usually it's just spending time by myself weather but usually it's maybe about 30 minutes to an hour depends on how angry.
Erika Romero: Or how upset. I am
Erika Romero: I'm sometimes it's longer than that. But generally it's only about 30 minutes to an hour, you know, just so that I have that separation time because
Erika Romero: That's what I've always that that I've learned over time is that
Erika Romero: If I don't, I have because I have a very sharp tongue. So if I don't take that time and and and separate myself and wine down and think about what I need to say I'm
Erika Romero: A lot of stupid stuff comes out of my mouth and stuff that I can get back so
Jocelyn Corrales: You end up hurting so nobody, you know. Yeah.
Erika Romero: And and you can take that back. You know, you can words or something that resonate with you and they will continue to resonate with you as long as, as long as you're alive, you know, and because I was in a very abusive marriage with with my first husband, so
Erika Romero: I know how badly words can hurt you know and how long they can carry throughout life, you know, and then damage that they do. So I'm, I'm, whether you mean it or not.
Erika Romero: You have to
Erika Romero: Understand what those words.
Erika Romero: You know those words to her. And so I have to because I have I have trouble controlling my my mouth. Sometimes I have to stop and separate myself and and give myself that time to settle down and think about what I'm doing and what I'm saying. Before I I allow myself to
Erika Romero: rejoin the people or persons who have upset me
Jocelyn Corrales: I think that's a good breakfast.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and it makes me
Jocelyn Corrales: It makes you a better person.
Erika Romero: I agree.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it's
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it
Erika Romero: Gives you kept your relationships in a good spot.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's true, that's true, that's true. Yes, that's true because there are some things you know when you are not you know when you're angry or mad. You see a lot of things that could be very hurtful to some other people and you know it's true. You could break relationships.
Erika Romero: Because of that, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's good that you try to you. Just be yourself. Stay away from everybody in spend time when yourself. That's good. That's a good practice actually
Erika Romero: Yeah, and I try to tell other people to do the same thing, you know. Yeah, if you're in a heated situation right now that that very moment is not the time to deal with it.
Erika Romero: Takes sometimes separate and give yourself that time to breathe and to think about, you know, what comes out of your mouth because yes and and i don't i try never to give people advice, but I think that that's the best advice.
Erika Romero: Anybody get from another person is give yourself that space because it words do hurt.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes there's no use in arguing with someone you know
Jocelyn Corrales: I agree, it doesn't settle anything but maybe when both of you are calm down and you tell about it afterwards you know that's makes the situation better when both of you have come down.
Erika Romero: Right. Yeah, absolutely. I agree.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so do you consider yourself spiritual
Erika Romero: Yes, I do.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you into some religion.
Erika Romero: I'm, I'm, I'm a Christian. So I'm
Erika Romero: Into Christianity.
Um,
Erika Romero: And yeah, and so that's that's my
Erika Romero: That's my spiritual direction is my Christianity.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Okay. And do you pray and you read the Bible.
Erika Romero: Probably not nearly as often as I ought to. But yes, I do.
Jocelyn Corrales: But that that's often I use as you used to
Erika Romero: Or as I should.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, but do you go to church also
Erika Romero: Yeah, I do. That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Every regularly.
Erika Romero: Huh. Yes.
Erika Romero: Of course, not now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Erika Romero: And everything going on. But yeah, I tried to. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're
Jocelyn Corrales: Trying to make it as often and you bring your family with you when you go to church. Absolutely. Yes. Good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And as you have mentioned that right now because you know because of the pandemic. There are no you know the try to limit in actually there are some who does not have church services, but have you tried accessing the online services from a church. Usually they have online.
Jocelyn Corrales: Server services, the
Erika Romero: worship service. Yeah, I haven't. No, I haven't. But
Erika Romero: I probably should. But I haven't
Jocelyn Corrales: Because you know that you know the pandemic, you know, we because of the pandemic, you know, the quarantine could could be extended and we do not know when it would be, you know, lifted. You could try attending, you know, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You're been absent for it from church for so many weeks already to try attending their online services.
Erika Romero: Yeah and that that should be something that that we do me
Jocelyn Corrales: And you go, you could also dress up as if you're going to church when you're attending the online service.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, it's funny, but we actually did try that and I
Jocelyn Corrales: Am actually also a Christian and you know we we attend because of yeah because of the current pandemic. We're not allowed to go to church, you know, but we have online services at church. So we do attended every Sunday.
Jocelyn Corrales: And there was a one time just this Sunday, you know, it was a suggestion from another member, why not try to dress up as if you're going to church. So what we did this that we
Jocelyn Corrales: Just saw this like as if you were going to a church and took a picture of self and send it to the group because we also have a group chat with the other church members and said it to the other church members to at least inspire them, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: That you know the world.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know God must have a greater plan for us. And, you know, just keep on going just to try to hold on with everything else, which would be, that's what that's happening in our world today. And, you know, it, it, it gives a good sense of, you know, positivity to other Members.
Erika Romero: Right, right. You're, you're right.
Erika Romero: I will try that. So,
Erika Romero: You can put that down to just one. Okay.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, let's try attending the online service. I'll put that here.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least you could start with, try, try to attend the online service.
Yeah, absolutely.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you do gardening.
Erika Romero: I don't, but I have a whole bunch of house plants. So that's my gardening right now that's
Jocelyn Corrales: My house.
Erika Romero: Yeah, it is. I have
Erika Romero: gophers I have gophers really bad and outside. And so having a garden is kind of useless. So
Erika Romero: But I have a bunch of house plants that
Erika Romero: Are in a pod. I mean, they're everywhere. Yeah, they're in a pot and now they're everywhere everywhere.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. That's gardening.
Yeah, it
Erika Romero: To me plan for our life. So then
Erika Romero: They made me happy. So
Erika Romero: You know I do. I do have my house cleanse.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually also relaxing.
Jocelyn Corrales: When you do your
Erika Romero: granddaughter helped me you know my girl.
Erika Romero: She helps me water my plants and
Jocelyn Corrales: Check out
Erika Romero: We carry the water, you know, the watering jug back around to all the plans and stuff. And so she's very helpful. I, I try to engage her with everything that I do. Um, she helps me vacuum. She's got her little toy vacuum. You know, so
Jocelyn Corrales: That kind of stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: I would like to see her do back up and that's her vacuum. Where is
Erika Romero: She. Oh yeah, well, it's got she's got one of those little tight back years but she helps me push the the my vacuum, you know, and so she goes, I tell her. Okay, backup. So she backs up and then they go, Okay, let's go forward. Let's go back.
Erika Romero: And so she hold on to the handle, along with me. And so we vacuum together, whenever it's feasible, you know, if I just have to do one room or whatever but yeah and and
Erika Romero: If, if, if she's not interested in helping me back in because sometimes she just like runs from the vacuum. I don't know why you know she's got her little toy vacuum and I tell her. Okay. Go get your vacuum. Let's go back to me.
Jocelyn Corrales: So she does. Lucky me when you're doing back. That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know that's one way of training.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know that's one way of trading these kids to do the household chores.
Erika Romero: Yeah, I'm hoping that you know you're in a few years should be doing.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's true, that's true. Actually, that's a good training. You know, you're, you're letting her getting involved when you're doing you know when you're doing gardening you let her, you know, this actually not only letting her learn, but it's also stimulating her to learn
Erika Romero: Right. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, learning just learning a lot of things, you know, not only motor skills but also you put her interest into doing something, you know, something like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: And that's over learning, you get. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Good lady activity.
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually, and it's good that you're you're let you let her help with the plans you know you could actually tell her. No, you know, it's like
Jocelyn Corrales: Teaching her botany and it's like it's telling her, you know, when you do this, you do that, you know, put the plants to the sun, the plants will grow, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: What their demands. Yes.
Erika Romero: Something like that. I just ordered her. I just ordered her a really cool little dress.
Erika Romero: terranea and well it's more like a little. It's a castle, and so it comes up. It has little tears to it that you you know comes all pre packaged. So it has the soil and has a flower. See, or the plant seeds and so it has these four little tears that you that you can plant.
Erika Romero: These little flower seeds in and so that I can. I ordered that for her so that she can do her
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, and gardening.
Erika Romero: Flowers. Yeah, so I'm so excited for it to come in, it should be here soon. But yeah, so that way. She can do her own, and she has her own plants, she can take care of
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe in the next
Erika Romero: Time. We've managed to kill them. Then i'm not i'm not wounded.
Erika Romero: I think the next time we meet in the 30 days. I could see her to marry him or her little garden. Good. Take a photo of you.
Erika Romero: Most certainly will just
You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: When she goes to school, she could brag her classmates about, you know, I have
Jocelyn Corrales: A garden, you know, it's something you know
Jocelyn Corrales: It's something nice to do something she could also brag about.
Erika Romero: In a future. All right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's good also that, you know, aside from letter her, you know, you let her do some chores, at least by the time she grows old she's she she knows she's already trained. She knows how to do her basic household chores and maybe when she's older you could
Jocelyn Corrales: Select were
Jocelyn Corrales: Washing the dishes, you know,
Erika Romero: Oh,
Erika Romero: Well, she has happy with that kind of stuff. She, she gets up on the counter with us and and show me you know she'll do you know she's got her own little
Erika Romero: Play dishes and stuff like that. So she washes her own dishes and we'll get her in the kitchen, whenever we're cooking, you know, she will make a salad and we'll give her the little scraps, you know, the shaving.
Erika Romero: As a cucumber, or the ends of the tomato, you know, and so she has her own little plastic forks and spoons and pots and pans and that so she pretends like she's cooking, too. So yeah, she's
Erika Romero: And I've always been like that with my kids. I've always tried to get them engaged in whatever I'm doing, just so that they
Erika Romero: Um, first of all, that way I can spend time with them because I'm so busy that there's always something to do, you know, and make sure that they have that one on one attention with me. So even if it is just doing dishes or cooking dinner or watering plants, whatever it is that
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's actually the bonding time.
Erika Romero: Yeah, you know, and it gives me that time to
Jocelyn Corrales: Knowing and knowing that someday they they going, they're going to grow up independent and, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You're not worried because, you know, they know how to cook. They know how to clean the house. They do. They know how to do basic chores.
Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're not worried about anything about it because they know how to do it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because you're trained to do so when they were young. That's a good training actress.
Erika Romero: She does with me to just
Erika Romero: As you want
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, and she won't forget about she won't forget you. Because of it, you know, she would
Jocelyn Corrales: She would maybe say, you know, when she grows older she would say, you know, my grandma always cooks for me. I know how to cook because my mom, my grandma taught me how to cook this you know
Jocelyn Corrales: These are my grandma's recipe. So something good, you know,
Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's true. Okay. So with regards to social reach relationship you have a good good relationship with your husband.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your children.
Erika Romero: With my with my children. I do not have a good relationship with them. None of them.
Erika Romero: Um, well, my two oldest boys i don't i don't see them and my twins I they've already gone off and done their own thing.
Erika Romero: And that's a long story, but I don't have a relationship with any of my children, but that's okay with I'm okay with that. That's not something that
Erika Romero: That interrupts my life, you know, or make peace with that and I've already moved on from that.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have forget in your heart. You have already forgiven them.
Erika Romero: You know, yeah.
Erika Romero: Yeah, absolutely.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's actually a mother's heart, you know,
Erika Romero: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You don't say sorry you know you'll, you'll have already forgiven them.
Yeah, absolutely.
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to but you have friends you have lots of friends.
Erika Romero: I don't have a lot of friends, but I have to
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine doesn't need to be many as long as they're good friends.
Erika Romero: Absolutely, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Doesn't have to be many are plenty. You know, what's the use of having a lot of friends when you know they're not being true to you.
Erika Romero: Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have friends at church also
Erika Romero: Um, yeah, I mean acquaintances, I'll say acquaintances, they're not really incredible. But yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you do you have good relationship with your neighbors.
Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay that's good to hear.
Jocelyn Corrales: And regards to financial. How do you earn your income.
Erika Romero: My husband works.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you're a house.
Erika Romero: My house grandma.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh wow House why because your husband works.
Erika Romero: Yeah, I'm a house like
Erika Romero: It's so funny because my daughter one time.
Erika Romero: This last time that we stopped speaking to each other, you know i and helped her with a lot of stuff before when she had moved out of my house and
Erika Romero: I had given her a lot of stuff and give it a, you know, done a lot for her.
Erika Romero: And she said,
Erika Romero: Oh, you didn't give this to me you don't work. My dad gave this to me. I said, You know what, you have this whole thing twisted because I gave this to you. I said this, because I don't go outside the house does not mean that I am
Erika Romero: any less of a provider than my husband.
Erika Romero: Yes, that's true.
Erika Romero: You got that really backwards.
Jocelyn Corrales: If If you only knew that, you know, being a housewife is actually, you know, a 24 hour job, you know, being a mother is a 24 hour job you know that's that's any amount of money could you know pay for it.
Erika Romero: And then on top of that I'm raising her daughter. So, you know, I've already done that did that. My kids are all grown, you know, and they're out
Erika Romero: You know, so
Erika Romero: For her to say that it was I just was like he boy you got that whole thing completely backwards.
Erika Romero: Such what you're right, it's a 24 hour it a seven day a week job. It never ends.
Erika Romero: You don't
Erika Romero: Get sick days, you don't get patients, you don't get what
Jocelyn Corrales: What will happen to the house. If you're not working, you know, if you're not cleaning the house. If you're not doing the garden, you know, if you're not cooking. What will your husband is, you know,
Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes. When he comes home you know he knows he has a wife that cook for him. Yes, he has a clean house you know he has a clean sheets, because it's newly clean, you know, nice clothes, you know, because everything in the house is being managed
Jocelyn Corrales: By right that's
Erika Romero: Right, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, because you know some people doesn't think much about, you know, when you say, Oh, you're just a housewife, you know, but actually I know that's not something to
Jocelyn Corrales: It's it's supposed to be something that you should brag about, you know, because you do all the things it's like you manage your home. You know, you know, who would manage the home.
Erika Romero: And you don't get paid for it. That's the thing.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Erika Romero: You get, you get no pay and a whole lot attitude.
Jocelyn Corrales: As long as your husband is giving you money. That's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Who does the budgeting at home, you do the budgeting at home or is it your husband doing the managing of the
Erika Romero: Phoenix why we do it together.
Erika Romero: We do it together.
Erika Romero: There isn't anything that he does that. I don't know about. And there isn't anything that I do that he doesn't know about. So we manage our bills. Together we pay for them together and um yeah so that's a joint effort.
Jocelyn Corrales: It shouldn't be like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like that. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so I'll just put in later. What's not working out for you because you know you've already mentioned to me what's working out for you and what's not working out for you and
Jocelyn Corrales: Could you also say that, you know, by cartel has been helpful for you. Your therapies in your medications would break your head. Has it been
Jocelyn Corrales: Very helpful for you.
Erika Romero: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, absolutely.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let's go back to the plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: I have nothing wrong. I know there's nothing wrong with you waking up early. I think let's continue on with that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe just your granddaughter just booked her on a routine.
Erika Romero: Yeah, just trying to yeah trying to establish that
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so for the meal times you will try, but you will love promise. That's fine. I'm okay. I'm good with that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Just make sure that you eat, you know, although you eat on a lesser
Jocelyn Corrales: Frequency, but at least eat. You mentioned your you make salad. So I think that's a healthy meal.
Erika Romero: Yeah, oh yeah, we eat a lot of healthy food.
Erika Romero: Yeah, we're not, we don't eat a whole lot of junk food and
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Erika Romero: And we try to stay try to stay away from all that stuff. That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, and she likes tomato.
Jocelyn Corrales: Wow.
Erika Romero: That's good, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have a vegetable garden know
Jocelyn Corrales: You could try planting tomatoes in your, you know, in a pop
Jocelyn Corrales: Up. Yeah.
Erika Romero: Because
Jocelyn Corrales: Because you've mentioned, although you know it's very hard to plan actually on the ground because you mentioned, there's a lot of grew go for us out there, but you could do some, you know, instead of planting on the ground.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just buy some big box and you know you could do some gardening on the box.
Jocelyn Corrales: That way to go first to get that tool in the box.
Erika Romero: I would love to have
Erika Romero: For the last four years that we've lived here to plant flowers and they just, it doesn't do well.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. Yes, you could plant some flowers. And you could also plant some vegetables, you know, the CC mentioned, I
Like
Jocelyn Corrales: You could
Erika Romero: Let some
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and I could check on your house, your garden.
House your vegetable garden.
Jocelyn Corrales: I also think I get yours. Yes. Why not okay so activities of daily living.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mentioned that a inquiry, she to do a daily exercise and stretching exercise and do some basic yogis, you mentioned that you're having difficulty sleeping. Yeah, maybe because you've been sleeping sometimes will be a longer time.
Jocelyn Corrales: Than the usual for enough time yeah oh yeah but for the kids. It's okay for them to take a nap at the longer duration or time in the afternoon, but for iOS, maybe try to limit it on about 30 minutes or an hour so that you will be
Jocelyn Corrales: Able to sell critically and
Jocelyn Corrales: Limit nap time to up up to about 30 minutes to one hour.
Jocelyn Corrales: And before going to bed, probably you could do some stretching exercise, you know, you do exercise in the morning, maybe before your granddaughter wakes up stretching and you know some yoga and before you go to bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you would
Jocelyn Corrales: You know why before going to bed because you know so that you would feel tired and sleepy after that.
Erika Romero: And relaxed, I imagine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you know, every time I've tried exercising, you know, I started with about 10 minutes a day then gradually 15 minutes then 20 minutes than 25 minutes and 30 minutes
Jocelyn Corrales: I always feel every time after I do some exercise and some yoga I you know I feel tired. Sometimes I'm able to sleep on the map.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because
Jocelyn Corrales: If you, if you, it feels, you know, you would feel tired and at the same time, relax.
Jocelyn Corrales: After right
Erika Romero: Okay, I will try it for you. Jocelyn. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, no worries.
Jocelyn Corrales: There's no harm in trying. If, let's see if it works out for you. But if not, you know, you could always change it.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I think you're doing good. We go relaxation techniques, you know,
Erika Romero: Yeah, I
Know,
Erika Romero: Yeah, that's a, it's a must for me I've, like I said, that's something I've learned over the years that for me that's that's the only way that I can.
Erika Romero: I can manage with whatever's going on.
Erika Romero: Just separate myself.
Erika Romero: And that's one thing with my daughter's that she's one of those people who wants to deal with every situation right now, right now, right now, and that's not me. You know, I can't, I can't do it. I have to be able to separate from people
Erika Romero: Because it doesn't work. It doesn't
Jocelyn Corrales: It doesn't do you like reading also reading books.
Erika Romero: I'm, I'm not much of a reader.
Um,
Erika Romero: Yeah. I, for me, I'm relaxation. When I get the opportunity. I like to do crafts and and and i crochet
Erika Romero: When stuff like that. So that's my, that's my meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing graphs.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like what
Erika Romero: I'm
Erika Romero: I like to make things not too long ago I took a mirror and completely transformed it
Erika Romero: I have also
Erika Romero: The idea, do all kinds of stuff. So I mean it's not some not one thing. Specifically, I have a whole bunch of different crafts that I do. So, um, but mostly it's just
Erika Romero: Making stuff.
Erika Romero: And I used to draw, but I don't really have that that time anymore. I think for me, drawing really takes up a whole lot of time.
Erika Romero: And and i have to be in a mood to do it and
Erika Romero: You know, it's, I'm not one of those people
Jocelyn Corrales: That's to
Jocelyn Corrales: You just need to have the mood, you know, yes, that's true, that's true. When in you know i know when artists like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: If he is not in the mood, you know, he doesn't want to draw doesn't want to do anything. But once he is on the mood, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Everything's go well.
Erika Romero: Come back to it later.
Jocelyn Corrales: And, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's difficult to finish it. If you're in a different it's difficult to finish it when you're on a different mood.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's true.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's true.
Jocelyn Corrales: And maybe when you do some crafts, or, you know, if you're in a mood. You know, you could actually teach your granddaughter some art. You know when you're doing art. Let her do her media art also
Erika Romero: You know,
Erika Romero: That kind of stuff to
Jocelyn Corrales: give her an example so like she's asking, you know, that grab I grab Jamia fish. So you drawing a fish and you tell her. Okay, you draw you draw me a fish. Also, something like that. Let her do the same thing. So look, you know, she
Jocelyn Corrales: She could practice.
Erika Romero: Although she
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, although she's still very little. She's still not able to do it perfectly, but, you know, at least you could make out you know some shapes that also developed her
Erika Romero: Mark you
Jocelyn Corrales: Know, writing. Yeah, that's true. Although, yeah, although it's not a developer for her age. But, you know, it would help an IED her you know in developing her skills.
By practicing
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. This is
Erika Romero: My watch. I watch her now.
Erika Romero: She's real hard to stay
Erika Romero: She doesn't
Erika Romero: She really tries to stay inside the car in the picture inside
Erika Romero: Maybe I have another artist. Oh my god, I don't know. My daughter's really great at drawing and stuff like that, you know, maybe I have another artist.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. Maybe she has that talent, just like
Erika Romero: The
Jocelyn Corrales: Cloud.
Erika Romero: Yeah, it's it's a it's woven into the DNA somewhere.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and you just need to help her develop it.
Erika Romero: Oh yeah, absolutely. Her and I do you know as often as we possibly can. We
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good, that's a good thing to do. I like that.
Erika Romero: Today she
Erika Romero: Is she's awful marker.
Erika Romero: She's completely colored today.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's a good thing. She doesn't think you're her room.
Erika Romero: Not, not yet. You haven't gone
Jocelyn Corrales: Kids are bound to do that, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, you would see the artist and he's like oh there's already a wall graphic there.
Erika Romero: Stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: Grey is because she might paint dry.
Erika Romero: I know they're all washable crayons.
Erika Romero: markers, pencils. It's all possible right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: I could just imagine I actually have daughters to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Enter, Enter, was
Jocelyn Corrales: Full of pants, you know,
Erika Romero: Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: The gravity and yeah I know that's why you know you get to learn to give them or buy them you know washable, so that you know it's just easy to clean.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And they get into that. It's an age that you know they they get to do that, you know, there was one time we left our daughter, you know, we just left them somewhere and they saw our pain.
Jocelyn Corrales: And they painted the whole room white
Jocelyn Corrales: And, you know, my mom was
Jocelyn Corrales: Instead of getting angry. You know, my mom instead of getting angry with at her granddaughter, you know, she laughed it off. She they were all laughing
Jocelyn Corrales: So not
Jocelyn Corrales: Only the room equally and there's a TV in the
Jocelyn Corrales: Living the TV depleted it wiped
Erika Romero: Me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Out, you know, and it was one of the, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: One of the funny memories that we had
Erika Romero: Right, yeah. And that, that that's that's the thing is, those things do turn into great memories, they might be frustrating for a minute or two. They are. They do turn into the lifeboat moments.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, you know I'm making memories. It's, it's, they're both ways of making those members because, you know, it could be something traumatic for the child or it could be something that they could, you know, remember as something funny.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right, yeah. And my it and we tried to keep it.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know that memory, as you know, yo. You know, you would someplace you would. Oh my god, what happened to them, you know, you could you could burn out like that. But, you know, it turned into a memory for us right now because, you know, instead of getting angry. We, the children, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Just make it easy for
Jocelyn Corrales: You to laugh it off, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Nobody could forget that moment right
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it wasn't the dramatic and at least it was, it wasn't a traumatic one for them, you know, I tried to keep it in your anger. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're making a good memories.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Erika Romero: So let me share you my screen so
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me share you my screen so that he could see the plans that we had. So I have placed in the good, the
Jocelyn Corrales: I could I have place either information about what's working out for you and what's not working out for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'll just arrange this later on because I place it all here in one box in everything else. So I'll just put into what's not working well later on. So what they want to show you is the plan. So in the plan. There's nothing wrong with you waking up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: You just want to set your granddaughter on a routine waking up early. So you try to prepare her for school this book in there. You know, we can you wake up really there's no problem with that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Here we have a problem. But you said you to try, you will have promise anything but you will try. So let's just try to put it so that you could also have a routine.
Jocelyn Corrales: mealtime for your granddad especially when she's going to school. It's very difficult sending her to school without anything on her stomach. Try to
Jocelyn Corrales: Try to eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: Tried to eat with her so that she would be encouraged. He also
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see that if it works out for you or for her. And let's see if it works out when we see each other in 30 days.
Jocelyn Corrales: And routine activities daily exercise and stretching every morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: And we also have a nighttime. So you're going to do it twice a day, once in the morning at least 10 minutes. That's enough 10 minutes to 15 minutes then
Jocelyn Corrales: In the evening. The same thing 10 to 15 minutes and routine iOS and limit your lap time about for for your granddaughter, it's okay for her to sleep up two tours or so because she's still a child and she's a growing child.
Erika Romero: But for you, maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: Try to limit it to 30 minutes to one hour because you will be having a difficulty, you will have a difficulty of sleeping with up at nighttime if you
Jocelyn Corrales: Over to oversleep in the afternoon.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so plan here because you wanted. You know, you're a question and you haven't been attending church services lately because of the epidemics, not really your fault. So what we're going to do is try to attend online church services.
Jocelyn Corrales: And try to dress up as if you're attending the church services and try to inspire other people also or other church members, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay if you do dress up, it's fine, at least try to attend online service, then you mentioned you like to do some graphs crochet and create creating stuff recreating stuffs and making stuff. I think that's a good activity.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And gardening. I did not put here. Let's put here. I forgot.
Jocelyn Corrales: Gardening.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do gardening.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I think it's a good idea that you mentioned earlier that you want your husband to make you a raised up
Jocelyn Corrales: raised bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: For you to plant your flowers and
Jocelyn Corrales: Probably plant some vegetables because you love eating salads, maybe plant some potatoes, tomatoes.
And, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe your grandmother would be happy when she sees your tomatoes, you know, bearing fruits
Jocelyn Corrales: And she could pick it out on her own. When she wants she's you know
Jocelyn Corrales: You ready, right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Flowers and vegetables and at least, you don't need to go to the market, just to buy vegetables. No.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just right by what's you know what's lacking. If you have it available in your garden way that
Jocelyn Corrales: And before going to bed, tried to do some exercise or yoga before going to sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: To, you know, to tie yourself and to be able to relax your body and also also to prevent you know you mentioned you have some back problems, maybe he could prevent some, you know, some of these back pains or back problems.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you would you like some
Jocelyn Corrales: You'd like to add something here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Did I miss
Erika Romero: You know, I think that's about it. Ya know, I think that's
It.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so I'll see you in 30 days, probably at the same time, no worries. You could always change the time or the I'll just put here, you know, approximate time and be
Jocelyn Corrales: A career support people bright heart health staff, of course, your provider. Your therapies and also me your husband.
Jocelyn Corrales: granddaughter.
Erika Romero: And
Jocelyn Corrales: Of course your granddaughter, although she may not think that she's helping you, but you know
Jocelyn Corrales: She isn't happy. Yeah. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, she said she's, she's your inspiration. You know, so let's
Jocelyn Corrales: Look at your support people
Erika Romero: She's most recent news which is
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, your husband granddaughter and friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's good. So let me see if I if I can make you sign. No worries. I was I'm still going to edit this one and I'm going to send you a copy of a copy, so that you also have a copy yourself.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Still going to edit this one and let me see if I'll be able to have you signed this one.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's share this one.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, for a while. I will stop sharing. First, it's not sharing anything
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me see if I'm able to share
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. And let me see if you're able to sign it. This one.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you try if it works out for you.
Erika Romero: Okay.
Erika Romero: Lucy.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you try pressing it down. I see. If you're you're using your finger as your pen and press down and sign
Erika Romero: Yeah, there's a little mouse. It's in my way.
Erika Romero: Okay, well,
Erika Romero: It's making some dots and that's
Jocelyn Corrales: Fine. It's okay.
Erika Romero: Yeah, no, I won't let me. Jocelyn.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's okay, it's okay. No worries, just in case it's okay if you're not able to sign this when it's not really required, although it's better if you're able to sign it.
Erika Romero: Back. I got it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, well let's do it again for a while.
Jocelyn Corrales: Going to share it again.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually difficult to save this one when you're on a phone and sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't work for everyone. Okay, so that pen if once you hold. Oh, I see it now.
Okay, hold on.
Erika Romero: All right, here we go.
Erika Romero: Can I just initial, is that okay
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, it's fine. I see it, er,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, looks like in here. Okay, let me save this one for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, it works for you. You know, it doesn't work for some, you know, even if we try many times, sometimes it doesn't work for everyone.
Erika Romero: Yeah, so we got it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. We got it, we, we, I'm just waiting for it to say it's not saving my and maybe it's just a
Jocelyn Corrales: Delay
Jocelyn Corrales: And I hope it's a it's you know he's taking time
Erika Romero: That's okay, I'm almost done. I'm just signing this
Erika Romero: This paperwork.
Erika Romero: I am. I've just, we're just finalizing
Erika Romero: Yep.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. If it doesn't, we save. Don't worry, I'll just screenshot it and I'll just upload it as a document lucky.
Erika Romero: Okay. Sounds good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, thank you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Thank you. Erica. It was great talking to you and
Erika Romero: I have
Jocelyn Corrales: Been a year and the next 30 days. Everything's everything is working out for you. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let me see.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me see your garden.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your granddaughter. So if it's doing well also.
Erika Romero: Did you bet.
Erika Romero: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Thank you. Have a great day.
Erika Romero: nobody appreciates UBC
Erika Romero: These. Yeah. You too.
Bye bye.